[RUM-6774] Update and expand Unity documentation (#25868)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/advanced_configuration/unity.md

---
title: RUM Unity Advanced Configuration
description: Learn how to configure Unity Monitoring.

> code_lang: cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code_lang: unity
```

    - /real_user_monitoring/unity/otel_support/
further_reading:
- link: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-unity
  tag: "Source Code"
  text: Source code for dd-sdk-unity
- link: real_user_monitoring/explorer/
  tag: Documentation
  text: Learn how to explore your RUM data

---
## Overview

If you have not set up the Datadog Unity SDK for RUM yet, follow the [in-app setup instructions][1] or refer to the [RUM Unity setup documentation][2]. Learn how to set up [OpenTelemetry with RUM Unity](#opentelemetry-setup).

### Advanced Initialization Options

`Custom Endpoint`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: String<br/>
**Default**: `true`<br/>
Send data to a custom endpoint instead of the default Datadog endpoint. This is useful for proxying data through a custom server.

`SDK Verbosity`
**Type**: Enum<br/>
**Default**: `Warn`<br/>
The level of debugging information the Datadog SDK should output. Higher levels will output more information.

`Telemetry Sample Rate`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Double<br/>
**Default**: `20`
The percentage rate at which Datadog sends internal telemetry data. A value of 100 means all telemetry data is sampled and sent to Datadog.

### Automatic view tracking

> If you select `Enable Automatic Scene Tracking`, Datadog will hook into Unity's `SceneManager` to detect scenes loading and unloading, and start RUM Views appropriately. If you are using methods to move between scenes other than `SceneManager`, or would like to track changes in views that occur without `SceneManager`, you need to track views manually using `DdRum.StartView` and `DdRum.StopView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select `Enable Automatic Scene Tracking`, Datadog hooks into Unity's `SceneManager` to detect scenes loading and unloading, and start RUM Views appropriately. If you are using methods to move between scenes other than `SceneManager`, or would like to track changes in views that occur without `SceneManager`, you need to track views manually using `DdRum.StartView` and `DdRum.StopView`.
```
